Update machine-learning-services-overview.md (#64822)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-sql/managed-instance/machine-learning-services-overview.md

This limited public preview is subject to the [Azure preview terms](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/). 

If you're interested in joining the preview program and accept these terms, then you can request enrollment by creating an Azure support ticket at [**https://azure.microsoft.com/support/create-ticket/**](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/create-ticket/). 

> On the new page, the **Create an Incident** button will redirect you to the Microsoft Azure Portal, where you can create a ticket by pressing **New support request** button.

Reviewer: Good idea to include this. Here's the more standard way to word this:
```suggestion

1. On the "Create a support ticket" page, click **Create an Incident**.
1. On the "Help + support" page, click **New support request** to create a new ticket.
```
